** Recipe for a delicious noodle dish:

Ingredients:

227 grams of noodles
2 tbsp. vegetable oil
2 cloves garlic, minced
1 small onion, chopped
1 red bell pepper, sliced
1 carrot, sliced
1 cup broccoli florets
2 tbsp. soy sauce
1 tbsp. oyster sauce
1 tsp. sugar
Salt and pepper, to taste
Chopped green onions, for garnish

Instructions:
Cook the noodles according to the package instructions until they are al dente. Drain and set aside.
Heat the vegetable oil in a large pan or wok over medium-high heat.
Add the garlic and onion and stir-fry for 1-2 minutes until fragrant.
Add the red bell pepper, carrot, and broccoli florets to the pan and stir-fry for another 3-4 minutes until the vegetables are tender-crisp.
Add the soy sauce, oyster sauce, and sugar to the pan and stir to combine.
Add the cooked noodles to the pan and toss to coat with the sauce and vegetables.
Season with salt and pepper to taste.
Garnish with chopped green onions and serve hot.

Enjoy your delicious and easy homemade noodle dish!


** Recipe for a classic chicken biryani:

Ingredients:
For the rice:
2 cups basmati rice
4 cups water
1 cinnamon stick
4 cardamom pods
4 cloves
1 bay leaf
Salt, to taste

For the chicken:
1 lb. boneless, skinless chicken thighs, cut into bite-size pieces
1 cup plain yogurt
1 tbsp. ginger paste
1 tbsp. garlic paste
1 tsp. cumin powder
1 tsp. coriander powder
1 tsp. turmeric powder
1 tsp. chili powder
1 tsp. garam masala
Salt, to taste

For the biryani:
1 large onion, thinly sliced
1/2 cup vegetable oil
1/2 cup chopped fresh cilantro
1/2 cup chopped fresh mint leaves
1/2 cup raisins
1/2 cup sliced almonds
1/2 cup fried onions (store-bought or homemade)

Instructions:
Rinse the basmati rice in cold water until the water runs clear. Soak the rice in cold water for at least 30 minutes.
In a large pot, bring 4 cups of water to a boil. Add the soaked rice, cinnamon stick, cardamom pods, cloves, bay leaf, and salt to taste. Stir well and reduce the heat to low. Cover the pot and simmer for about 15 minutes, or until the rice is cooked and tender. Drain any excess water and set the rice aside.
In a large bowl, mix together the chicken, yogurt, ginger paste, garlic paste, cumin powder, coriander powder, turmeric powder, chili powder, garam masala, and salt to taste. Set aside and let marinate for at least 30 minutes.
In a large frying pan or wok, heat the vegetable oil over medium heat. Add the sliced onions and fry until they are golden brown and crispy. Remove the onions from the oil and set them aside on a paper towel.
In the same oil, add the marinated chicken and stir-fry until the chicken is cooked through.
Preheat the oven to 350°F (180°C).
In a large baking dish, layer half of the cooked rice on the bottom. Add the cooked chicken on top of the rice. Sprinkle half of the chopped cilantro, mint leaves, raisins, and sliced almonds over the chicken. Add the remaining rice on top of the chicken and sprinkle the remaining chopped cilantro, mint leaves, raisins, and sliced almonds on top.
Cover the baking dish with aluminum foil and bake for 15-20 minutes, or until heated through.
To serve, sprinkle the fried onions on top of the biryani. Enjoy your delicious homemade chicken biryani!

Note: You can also substitute the chicken with your preferred protein or make a vegetarian version by using vegetables like cauliflower, potatoes, or peas.


** Chef John's Classic Macaroni Salad

Ingredients
Dressing:

1 cup mayonnaise (Optional)

¼ cup white vinegar

2 tablespoons Dijon mustard

2 teaspoons kosher salt, or more to taste

½ teaspoon ground black pepper

⅛ teaspoon cayenne pepper

1 tablespoon white sugar, or more to taste

1 cup finely diced celery

¾ cup diced red bell pepper

½ cup grated carrot

½ cup chopped green onions, white and light parts

¼ cup diced jalapeno pepper

¼ cup diced poblano pepper

Macaroni:

1 (16 ounce) package uncooked elbow macaroni

1 tablespoon water (Optional)

1 tablespoon mayonnaise (Optional)

Local Offers
00000 Change
Oops! We cannot find any ingredients on sale near you. Do we have the correct zip code?
ADVERTISEMENT
Directions
Whisk mayonnaise, vinegar, Dijon, salt, black pepper, and cayenne together in a bowl until well blended. Whisk in sugar, then stir in celery, bell pepper, carrot, green onions, jalapeño pepper, and poblano pepper. Cover and refrigerate until macaroni is ready.

Bring a large pot of generously salted water to a boil. Cook macaroni in the boiling water, stirring occasionally, until tender but firm to the bite, about 8 minutes. Drain but do not rinse.

Let macaroni drain in a colander for about 5 minutes, shaking out the moisture from time to time. Pour macaroni into a large bowl; toss to separate and let cool to room temperature, 10 to 15 minutes. Macaroni should be sticky.

Pour dressing over macaroni and stir until evenly distributed. Cover and refrigerate until macaroni absorbs the dressing, at least 4 hours or overnight if possible.

Stir salad before serving. Mix water and remaining mayonnaise into salad for a fresher look.


### Added by 30089
** Spanish-Style Hot Chocolate
Spanish-Style Hot Chocolate – Thinner to Winner

 

The first time I made Spanish-Style hot chocolate, I made the mistake of using an authentic recipe, and didn’t love the experience. If I’d been craving some type of warm, drinkable chocolate pudding, it would have been amazing, but when I want to savor and sip a cup of “hot chocolate,” I don’t want to have to work that hard to swallow.

 

So, I cut down on the cornstarch, and used a little less chocolate, and eventually came up with what I think is a perfect formula. This is just thick enough to be decadent, and intensely chocolaty without being overwhelming. Your results may vary. You might enjoy yours thicker, or thinner, so experimentation is always welcomed. If you do want to use this as a dip for churros or toasted bread, then simply double the starch, and up the chocolate to taste.

 

I love dark, bittersweet chocolate for this, but I know that’s not everyone’s thing, so obviously use what you like. But, just be sure to reduce the sugar accordingly, otherwise it’s easy to make this too sweet. Lastly, be sure to serve this piping hot the second the chocolate melts in, and in warm cups, if at all possible. If you’re a chocolate lover, this is a very special treat, and I really do hope you give it a try soon. Enjoy!

Ingredients
4 ounces dark chocolate (70% cacao), broken or cut into 1/2-inch pieces

2 1/4 cups whole milk

2 teaspoons white sugar, or to taste

1 pinch of salt

1/2 teaspoon cornstarch

cayenne pepper to garnish top

Directions
Break up chocolate into small pieces and set aside.

Add milk, sugar, salt, and cornstarch to a saucepan, and whisk thoroughly.

Place over medium to medium-high heat, and cook stirring until the milk just starts to simmer.

Remove milk from heat, and quickly whisk in chocolate until completely melted and emulsified.

Serve immediately in hot cups, garnished with a pinch of cayenne on top if desired.
